fix: Update cert instructions for NGINX One Console (#82)
nginx/documentation: content/includes/nginx-one/add-file/edit-config-tip.md

---
docs:
---

> From this window, select the file of your choice. If you want to delete this

Author: Hi @sylwang . I see @bheftel has added related comments. I do want to avoid detailing every option, in the spirit of letting the UI explain itself. 

If we set the precedent of explaining everything that's there now, readers will worry, IMO needlessly, if the 5th and 6th box is not described in the docs.

I'm leaving this thread open for now, at least until I address Brannon's comments

> file, Select **Edit Configuration** and select the Trash icon.

Reviewer: is there a way to make this description more general? We're switching it from a Trash icon to a dropdown of "File Actions".

Author: see https://github.com/nginx/documentation/pull/82/files#r1937455366

> From this window, select the file of your choice. If you want to delete this
> file, Select **Edit Configuration** and select the Trash icon.

Author: @bheftel My attempt at making the description more general.

```suggestion
From this window, select the file of your choice. The UI provides options, such as one to delete this
file.
```

Reviewer: that works for me. thanks!
